We are going to create a simplified tripadvisor site. Our website will allow authenticated users to create “sites” for people to see and review. Users can create a site with a name, description, and a series of images. Other authenticated users will be able to leave reviews and comment on these sites. While the site creator can include their images for the site, other users can also add images of the site if they have any. Users can also add tags to the sites they create. 
The index page of the website will allow anyone to view all of the sites that users have created and include a search form to search for specific sites. Viewers can search by name of the site or by tags associated with the site. They will see the title of the sight, the primary image of the site, and a truncated description. Once they click on a site, they can read the full description of the site, look at all the images of the site, and read reviews by other users. If the user is authenticated, they can leave their own comments and add additional images to the site.
Overall, we plan to have seven pages on our website. A login page, a signup page, the index page listing all sites, a detail page for each site, a page with a form to add a new site, a page with a form to edit an existing site that the user has created, and a page for users to add additional images to an existing site. 
Our site will have 5 models, not including the user model. We will have one model for the sites. This model will have fields for a title and a description. It will also have a 1 to many relationship with an image model, a review model, and a comment model. The site model will also have a many to many relationship with a tags model.
The image model will have a field for the picture, a field to indicate if it is the primary image, and another field to indicate if the image was uploaded by the site creator or a different user. This is so that we can give images created by the site creator priority in the site page.
The review model will have the number of stars out of 5 that a user gave to a site. The comment model will have the text of the model. The tags model will have the text of the tag.
Lastly, we will have 5 forms on our site. A registration form for login and signup, a search form to search for sites by name or tag, a form to create a new site, a form for editing existing sites, and a form to add images to an existing site.